Hey, don't come here
Come here, I'll kill him and kill Song Xun
It's a deal.
Who doesn't kill whose grandson
Hey no no no no
Tell tell tell tell miss su
If I die, they'll kill me
How to choose you, this beautiful woman bandit
Why don't you calm down?
Let Mr. Song go first, hey, hey, hey
The knife is too close to the neck, it's okay
Slow down.
It's really a little strong, hahaha.
You kid is smart
You are the first person to speak for me
He was also the first person to touch my body
You remember
My name is Hong Fang
Uh-huh.
Song Xuan
Now people run away
What about the case? You figure it out.
That's right.
Have you found the secret channel organ of the soldier borrowing case?
Found very narrow
Indeed, only women can enter
But there wasn't a single body inside
How is that possible?
Listening to my scribbled robbery
Isn't there so much going on?
Hey
It's all gone, and I'll leave you a mark
The subversion is not shallow, it's very hot.